Update docs for musl and 7.0.2xx inclusion (#308)
dotnet/sdk-container-builds: docs/ContainerCustomization.md

<ContainerRuntimeIdentifier>linux-x64</ContainerRuntimeIdentifier>
```

> **Note**

> > If you'd like to publish to a musl-based OS like alpine (as opposed to a libc-based OS), you will need to specify the base image _exactly_, instead of relying on

Reviewer: I'd say it's not exact (which to me would be e.g. `7.0.2-alpine3.17-amd64`).
```suggestion
> If you'd like to publish to a musl-based OS like alpine (as opposed to a libc-based OS), you will need to specify the base image _including architecture_, instead of relying on
```
